I love to tell people about Jehovah, that's been my way of life, I spent 35 years as a regular pioneer and special pioneer.
Looking back, it's been faith-sensing to see that nothing can stop Jehovah's work being done.
No government, no church, no judge.
We came from Scotland to serve as special pioneers in Ireland in 1959.
The people were mesmerized by their clergy. They were very fierce in their opposition to us.
The tendency was if you get caught in a street, a mob would have eventually cornered you and you would have had trouble.
And this is what exactly happened. Two priests came out and they started grabbing my case.
A mob started coming in and so I was beaten quite a bit after that.
My wife and she shouted on them and that broke the spell of the violence.
You're not my husband! You're not my husband!
That was the incident that happened.
The branch office instructed us to take the church to court.
They felt that vicious attack should be discouraged and should be prosecuted properly so that people can see that acting illegally like the priests had done wasn't on.
They weren't going to accept it one bit.
I think when I looked back, I must have been a bit fearful, but I knew that I was doing things in Jehovah's way.
The branch obviously needed to get the message over and I was involved with it and I just went ahead with it.
There was brothers from all over Ireland came to support us, plus of course the press, who made quite a big story of it.
The evidence I gave shall be the truth.
They got the best legal counsel to protect the priests.
They'd formally been the prime minister in Ireland and he was going to tear us in strips.
He made quite an interesting attack on us to try and weaken us.
He said, do you see the Bible that you swore to tell the truth?
Have a look at it again. He made his read out that it was a Catholic duty version of the Bible.
He was trying to infer that because that was a Catholic Bible and I was a Jehovah's Witness,
that when we said we'll tell the truth based on the Bible, that we wouldn't do it because it would be a Catholic Bible
inferring that we would be telling lies about the priests.
Our own solicitor did very little.
I think he was frightened, frightened to act for Jehovah's Witnesses.
He really was only going through the motions.
It was clear which side the judge was on.
He found the priests guilty of technical assault, only for trying to take my bag.
With that meant nothing, you'd been a naughty boy, behave yourself in the future.
That's basically all that came down to.
In his closing statement, he made a very strong point that we were bringing a foreign religion into Ireland,
Catholic Ireland.
No wonder they acted violently against us.
I think many of the brothers were quite astonished at the injustice of things
that the judge was almost turning the tables on us.
But the thing is we seemed to cope with it.
Somehow rather, Jehovah wanted his name to be made known and it did get enough publicity to do that.
Things developed very well in the town and now there's a very established congregation
of their own kingdom hall.
It was quite a unique experience to visit and to see what we'd shown the seeds on.
The brothers had now established it and things had gone on very well after that.
It was lovely to bring back old memories and talk to people and use the Bible.
Looking back, it reminds me of the situation mentioned in the book of Acts.
They were gammally or spoke to the sun-heedron and he gave them this warning.
Do not meddle with these men but let them alone.
For if this scheme or this work is from men, we'll be overthrown.
But if it is from God, you will not be able to overthrow them.
Otherwise, you may even find fighters against God himself.
If we give a good witness to Jehovah, bless that, he's not going to let Satan's opposition
to attack us and destroy us. He's going to see what's done is what he wants done.